ref: clarifications for `exp save` and `push/pull -f` (#4200)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview.md

# DVC Experiments Overview

Each DVC Experiment creates and tracks a variation of your data science project
based on the changes in your <abbr>workspace</abbr>. They can be captured
automatically when [run with DVC][run] or can be [saved directly][save] (e.g.
after executing code manually).

Experiments preserve a connection to the latest commit in the current branch
(Git `HEAD`) as their parent or _baseline_, but do not form part of the regular
Git tree (unless you make them [persistent]). This prevents bloating your repo
with temporary commits and branches.

[run]: /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments
[save]: /doc/command-reference/exp/save

<details>

### ⚙️ How does DVC track experiments?

DVC Experiments are custom [Git references](/blog/experiment-refs) (found in
`.git/refs/exps`) with one or more hidden commits based on `HEAD`. Note that
these are not pushed to Git remotes by default (see `dvc exp push`).

> All experiments require a unique name to identify them. DVC will usually
> auto-generate one by default, such as `exp-bfe64` (based on the experiment's
> hash). A custom name can be set instead (see the `--name`/`-n` option of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All experiments require a unique name to identify them. DVC will usually
auto-generate one by default, such as `zippy-acid`. A custom name can be set instead (see the `--name`/`-n` option of
```

Since we know use random adjective+noun to decide experiment names
